what is ansible?
thypes of configuration management tools?
how to install ansible in centos?
what is ansible ad-hoc commands?
     -using with module and argument
	 -using module
	 -using argument
	 
what is ssh?
How many ways to setup SSH?
    -manual
    -using command ssh-copy-id
	
how to write the playbook?
how to install httpd and git using ansible playbook?
how to use variables in ansible playbook?
how to use items in ansible playbook?
     - if we need to install/uninstall multipule pakeges at a time
how to use "tags" in ansible playbook?
     - install perticular task we use tags
	 - # ansible-playbook playbookwithtags.yml --tags httpd (run with tags like this )

how to check the syntax playbook?
#ansible-playbook playbookwithtags.yml --syntax-check

how to check the no. of hosts are there in playbook?
# ansible-playbook playbookwithtags.yml --list-hosts


what is ansible vault?
ansible vault with examples?


what is ansible roles?

  -create the ansible role
   # ansible-galaxy init tomcat --offline
   
   
ansible role Directory structure?
       ├── defaults   - declear the variables 
     │   └── main.yml
     ├── files        - if we copy any files we plce the files here and call from playbook 
     ├── handlers     -if need to restart or start the service we are add here
     │   └── main.yml
     ├── meta         - project infromation like auther and developer
     │   └── main.yml
     ├── README.md
     ├── tasks        - we are place all task here
     │   └── main.yml
     ├── templates    - if we have any standed templates we are plce here
     ├── tests
     │   ├── inventory
     │   └── test.yml
     └── vars          - declear the varables (high priyority variables place here )
         └── main.yml
     
  
how to install httpd using ansible role?


what is ansible vault?
  - encrypt file ansible files using ansible-vault
  
  - create the new file with encrypt
  #ansible-vault create filename
  
  - encrypt the exsting file 
  # ansible-vault encrypt filename
  
  - decrypt the files 
  #ansible-vault decrypt filename
  
  -without decrypt view the files
  #ansible-vault view filename
  
  - without decrypt edit the filename
  #ansible-vault edit filename
  
  - how to change the password 
  #ansible-vault rekey filename
  
  - how to run the encrypted playbook 
  #ansible-playbook filename.yml --ask-vault-pass
  
  - we store the password in one file and run run the playbook
  #ansible-playbook filename.yml --vault-password-file passwordfilename
  

ansible vault with examples?

what is ansible roles?
ansible role directory structure?
how to install httd using ansible role?


Why ansible ? What makes ansible powerful than other tools like chef and puppet?
modules that you have worked on? Can we create custom module ? 
What is dynamic inventory in ansible?
-A dynamic inventory is a script written in Python, PHP, or any other programming language. It comes in handy in cloud environments such as AWS where IP addresses change once a virtual server is stopped and started again

Lets say I have both Ubuntu and centos machines as nodes I want install application tree using same playbook, how would you approach this scenario?
How to handle prompts with ansible playbook?
What is ansible galaxy?
What are adhoc commands?
